a quiet place part 1 has taught us that kids in
this world are deadly and that giving birth to
a newborn baby is a bad idea but in this part
the kids go on a redemption journey and show
us that they besides screwing up things have the
potential to save the world as well in the first
10 minutes of this movie we hear a little bit
about the backstory and what happened before
and how the monsters came turns
out they came on a giant meteoroid
which doesn't make the situation better
but it does kind of make it cooler
now we start out where the first movie has
left off lee the father has been killed
saving his kids leaves his only three remaining
characters and a baby they decide that they can
no longer stay there and leave i tried to
empathize with the characters in most of
my videos but seeing them carrying around
a baby in a mini casket on an oxygen tank
triggers the nonsense antenna in me this world
is not death stranding therefore we don't need
a newborn baby in fact this screaming little
human is nothing but a burden in this world
would i leave it behind well i kind of want to
but perhaps it would be better to use it as a
decoy first but anyway just before they
arrive at their destination this happens
great not only are we stuck in a world full of
monsters with perfect hearing but also humans
that set traps for other humans thank you but
fortunately our main girl has found a way to
combat these monsters right her hearing device
which by the way is a cochlear implant we will
get to that in a bit emits a high frequency
that they don't seem to like very much using
this it is possible to stop any of the monsters
and even cause their outer shell to open up
so basically this method can be used to stop them
break through their barrier and finally shoot them
down with a clean headshot i can easily envision
a new normal where every person walks around with
a high frequency device that shields off any
of these monsters combine this with holstering
a double barrel shotgun and we could almost go
back to where things were or in a more advanced
scenario having villages and towns be built with
high frequency towers around it so that none of
these beings could enter human territory but for
that we need to figure out which frequencies are
helpful and we will get to that our characters
are rescued by Emmett who was a former friend
of the family but has become quite irritated and
hostile towards others even though he rescued them
he quickly points out that he wants them gone
by the next day sure thing my guy no problem
we will find a better place especially after
your trap has screwed my son's leg up for life
if i were that woman i would assassinate this guy
during night time and make this my new HQ however
in the following scenes after Marcus has received
first aid for his leg injury he suddenly receives
a radio signal through the headphones now this
isn't possible without having other people tuning
in from a local radio station right and that is
what they conclude as well basically a ray of hope
up until now they have believed that there are no
people left or if there were it's mostly survival
tribes that are just as dangerous as uh as these
monsters but even though the signal comes in Emmet
shows no signs of hope basically he suffers from
something that's called defeatism if you happen to
be with such people you must have a very strong
character because you need to constantly bear
their negativity and if you can't do that then
you probably better stay away that is unless you
have the gift to inspire people and change their
hearts like Regan the little girl in this movie
she finds out that the song blasting through the
radio called beyond the sea by the way is a code
or more specifically a location where hope can be
found not just that but she's also able to locate
that radio station from where the signal came in
it's located on a nearby island surprise surprise
pack your swimsuit boys and girls we are going
on a trip what Regan understands here though is
that this message is the only option they have and
that is what it really is isn't it food is scarce
and gathering new items becomes increasingly
difficult and hunting for animals is way too loud
using snipers and guns however i do think with
a bow and arrow it would be possible but as of
now we haven't seen anyone use one but if humans
thousands of years ago could craft bows and arrows
then we can assume we can do that too no with
this additional gear not only can we increasingly
hunt for small animals like pigeons but we could
also silently distract the monsters by diverting
their attention to somewhere further away from us
they aren't able to pick what they want to hear
right i mean you can't do this neither whatever
sounds next or is louder than the sound before
is what they will focus on remember this in the
first part for example they use fireworks set up
far away for emergency situations and that was a
superb idea and can be conceptualized differently
with different tools because Regan knew that her
mother wouldn't let her go she sneaked out and now
tries to find the island on her own while i admire
her courage i usually don't recommend splitting
away from the group but in this scenario the
smaller the group the less noise we make so thumbs
up however you need an insane amount of courage
to go about that especially since she's deaf
right she can't hear much meaning how would she
know when she makes a sound but perhaps exactly
this disadvantage is what gives her the courage to
venture out mostly people become fearful when they
have more information available and then interpret
this information in a negative way and since she
is lacking this information sound there is no way
to overthink that stuff so as she has left her
mother back home begs Emma to bring her back funny
how she doesn't do it herself but i guess men are
still appreciated in this world Regan arrives at
an abandoned train and instead walking around it
of course she enters it because rusty and broken
trains are very safe and extremely quiet when
we walk through them it doesn't take a genius to
figure out what's coming next Regan screws up we
get an epic close-up of the praying monster behind
her and she gets almost killed before Emmett saves
her in a touching moment shortly after Emmet tells
Regan that he will bring her home she replies
implying that there is nothing to go back to and
she is right apart of course from her mother and
brother is life worth living being in constant
fear of death probably not if a place exists
where these monsters can't get you then in my
opinion it is worth risking your life to get there
what do you think would you risk your life to get
to a safe zone or would you continue to live on
the ground and stay low-key the next day Regan
and Emmett continue their journey to the pier
i think this is all beautiful and stuff but maybe
they should have gone back waited for her Regan's
brother to be cured and then get to the island
together maybe i agree that being a smaller
group enhances a chance to go unnoticed but it
is also true that now we do have an effective
way to fight these monsters at the same time
Evelyn the mother leaves the safe house as well
leaving Regan's brother back alone she's leaving
the safe house to find extra oxygen for the baby
and medicine to prevent her son's injury from
becoming a serious issue because we don't need an
extra screaming child right now that she leaves
for these reasons makes absolute sense but her
son with his injured leg and extreme anxiety
shouldn't leave the safe house no matter what
but that is exactly what he does why why
would you roam around outside after dark
with an injured leg there is no reason for
him to do that apart from being bored perhaps
instead of leaving your safe house though and
endanger pretty much everyone in your vicinity
how about turning the radio on and vibe to
your candle light for the time being Jesus
so while the boy commits a fatal mistake we
cut back to Regan and Emmett the next scenes
are interesting because they will let us know on
how we can beat every single one of these monsters
for good both characters arrive at the pier and
hope to find a boat to get over to the island
but before they can get onto a boat they see
a little girl playing all huddled up in the
middle of the pier now i don't know about
y'all but this isn't something normal even
post-apocalypse i don't think you should get
near her before i gave her a chance to attack
me i would run up tackle her with a stretched leg
and then put her into the sea that's not a joke
ladies and gentlemen but Emmett storms over
like a father finding his lost daughter and
well we know where this ends wasn't he the guy who
warned us before about the crazy people out here
huh well eventually they are attacked by those
hobos and Emmett is tied up with a belt full of
noisy items and Regan is taken with them at least
almost here's what happens what Emmett decides to
do is something that most people in this situation
would do make a lot of noise because by doing that
he alerts all monsters nearby who storm into the
area like crazy people on black Friday Regan jumps
into the water and Emmett does so too and here
is the big revelation the monsters can't swim
and it makes total sense by looking at their bony
structure anyway the people over on the island
seem to have figured that out early on and that is
why the signal they have sent was the song beyond
the sea makes kind of sense doesn't it if all
that it takes to kill those monsters is deep water
then there is an easy way to beat them let me
explain so their perfect hearing means two things
first they are attracted to the loudest thing
and second it implies that they are blind
so if we had multiple sound sources built at the
pier or really anywhere where deep water starts
they with their incredible speed would just rush
in and crash into the depths of the ocean or sea
now if we did this then we could play back these
sounds for as long as we wish or as long as it
takes for the last alien to crash into the water
at the same time we could establish a safe route
between those two sound sources and get onto
the sea without paying much attention on how
loud we are because the signals we send from the
towers would override the sounds that we make with
the same method by the way we could also create
artificial white noise routes connecting villages
and towns now of course it isn't literal white
noise but follows a similar principle so what
i'm talking about are basically zones in which the
sent out signals from static towers override human
noise in a given field and if we are very clever
we may even find frequencies that are super loud
to the monsters but barely audible to humans which
usually stand outside of 20 hertz to 20 kilohertz
this would add an extra comfort for living in
these zones but this method would only come into
play if we couldn't kill off monsters and had
to live alongside with them so having Regan and
Emmett finally arrive at their destination we can
finally lay eyes on how Marcus screws things up
thanks buddy thank you very much
that was absolutely necessary
and at the same time his mother is almost
back and of course is now endangered as well
if he could have just stayed put this could have
easily been avoided i don't get why characters
act so stupidly sometimes but then i remember
i'm watching a movie anyway Marcus hides in
this giant soundproof oven or whatever the heck
that is but the bad thing is he forgot to use
the white cloth to prevent the door from locking
him in trapping himself and the baby of course
after just a few minutes he's already starting
to slowly suffocate but in this relatively big
enclosed space he could easily survive for a
few hours before he would actually suffocate we
made the calculations in our video on how to beat
being buried alive Evelyn comes for help because
she is a badass woman i love her the way she beats
this attack is pretty amazing plus we also learn
another interesting fact about these aliens so
what she does is she draws the attention to her
then shoots a bullet neatly on a coated surface
with fuel and covers the alien in flames it
doesn't seem to work though which implies that
they could be indestructible her plan however
wasn't a fire attack in the first place but to
trigger the sprinkler system above water still
seems to be the most reliable tactic in order
to distract them but if i were her i would have
thrown a big rock into a distant corner and only
then vanish on the ground in any way though she's
able to save Marcus and her baby in time meanwhile
Regan and Emmett arrive on the island they don't
really know what to expect being careful as they
are they slowly walk into the island only to find
cheerful people having a nice barbecue with a big
bone fire huh i want you to imagine for a second
the look Dr. Neville and i am legend would have
made if he suddenly found a bunch of people
having a blast telling him they have long found
the vaccine i guess the look that you would get
would be something like this one right here if you
needed what the moment today i guess this was it
now they socialize with the people and find
out how those people got onto the island
apparently there were multiple ships setting out
for sail shortly after the aliens have landed but
of course panic started which led the monsters
to kill off pretty much everyone at the pier
the lucky few that survived made it onto this
island now you must be pretty thankful to be
in the shoes of these people right it would
be a shame if a monster somehow made it over
having now broken out it starts
to wreak havoc here as well
now i'm happy they have sent out signals so
that our characters had the chance to be rescued
but the security measures for coming to this
island they suck the whole place is in chaos okay
people running everywhere at the same time Emmett
Regan and their new friend jump into the car
and try to get to the local radio station luring
away the alien a stressful chase breaks out
their goal is to use the tools at the station to
immobilize the creature with loud noise of course
but just when they arrive our new friend here
commits a fatal mistake that only beginners
would do he turns his back to the monster and
gets swished away now at the same time Evelyn
and Marcus back at the hideout also get into
a dangerous situation when they get noticed by
one of the aliens they're just barely able to take
refuge inside the oven but get attacked vigorously
and are about to get killed on the island though
Regan slowly makes it into the studio while
Emmett tries to shield off the monster even though
Regan takes her time she eventually grabs the mic
puts her cochlear implant on it and creates a
shrieking feedback noise that blocks off the
monster at the same time she turns on the radio on
air and streams the sounds to any device that is
tuned in and that is when Marcus who by the
way really seems to love wearing headphones
figures out that Regan is alive
and that the signal that was sent
is a perfectly timed blessing and then as i have
told you at the beginning of this video both kids
rise up walk pretty [ __ ] awesome to their
respective opponent and kill them off as if
they have never done anything else how about
that empowering boys and girls gotta love it
this was a pretty great sequel although
the first one has still the edge for me
what do you think let me know any of your thoughts
and binge another one how about that peace